
# Path-Traversal

This project contains a web application in order to show how Path Traversal attack works. For this example, the web application is made for see photos of Coopers (characters from well known sitcom The Big Bang Theory.) . At the first step, there is a welcome page for the users, and there are links for each people which has photo in it, and in every individual profile page there is also others' link to switch the profiles. So the Path Traversal can rises when there is no control over input points. An attavker can take advantage of this situation and try to get sensitive files of the web application such as password files, user informatio files, source codes or they can try to get OS files.  To exploit, we should find input points which application take from user, for find this point we may pay attention the names like file= ,url= ,path=,page= etc. in the url so we can understanda that there can be something there. In this project we can see that the application uses index.php file and give it a parameter named page ( ex: http://learnvul.com/Path%20Traversal/index.php?page=sheldon.html) (learnvul.com is the virtual host for the web application). When the index.php took the variable as you can see it reads the content of the page variable which is given input by user, and after echo it (if there is no given input it shows welcome.html)  . There is no input control over  there which means an attacker can  acces sensitive files. Since I use windows in my example to perform Path Traversal attack as an example I can use hosts file located at C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc, and which has host names that is running under the local machine (in video I showed win.ini file.).  In order to acces these files you can use BurpSuite proxy or you can simply use url itself. So you can see payloads from the Internet such as ..\..\..\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts in our case, or ../../../etc/passwd in Linux OS. About the prevention of Path Traversal as I did in video we can use whitelisting method (blacklisting is another method but it can be bypassed easier.), we can create an array and put the allowed sources, links etc. in it and check that is the given input is in our list by ussing in_array( ) function of php.
